Create ui-c8y-1020-35-1-typeahead-updates-form-on-list-selection.md (#2530)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1020-35-1-typeahead-updates-form-on-list-selection.md

---
date: ""

> title: Typeahead updates form on list selection.

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Typeahead component now updates form when selecting an item from the list
```

> title: Typeahead component now updates form when selecting an item from the list

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Field now updated when selecting an item from a typeahead list
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-3877
version: 1020.35.1
---

> Typeahead updates form on list selection.

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
The typeahead component allows users to quickly find and select an item from a list as they type. Previously, when a user selected an item from the typeahead list, the form would not update with the selected value. This could lead to confusion if the user thought they had selected a value but it was not actually set in the form. Now, when a user selects an item from the typeahead list, the associated form field will be immediately updated with the selected value. This provides a clearer and more intuitive user experience when using typeahead fields in forms.
```

> The typeahead component allows users to quickly find and select an item from a list as they type. Previously, when a user selected an item from the typeahead list, the form would not update with the selected value. Now, when a user selects an item from the typeahead list, the associated form field will be immediately updated with the selected value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The typeahead component allows users to quickly find and select an item from a list as they type. Previously, when a user selected an item from the typeahead list, the associated field would not update with the selected value. Now, when a user selects an item from the list, the associated field will immediately be updated with the selected value.
```

> The typeahead component allows users to quickly find and select an item from a list as they type. Previously, when a user selected an item from the typeahead list, the form would not update with the selected value. This could lead to confusion if the user thought they had selected a value but it was not actually set in the form. Now, when a user selects an item from the typeahead list, the associated form field will be immediately updated with the selected value. This provides a clearer and more intuitive user experience when using typeahead fields in forms.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The typeahead component allows users to quickly find and select an item from a list as they type. Previously, when a user selected an item from the typeahead list, the form would not update with the selected value. Now, when a user selects an item from the typeahead list, the associated form field will be immediately updated with the selected value.
```
